hello today I come with a very short video
to show you something that you asked me
a lot of people and it's about making
trims for zippers
the toiletry
The materials we are going to use are the
own zip you will use in
the toilet bag and two pieces of cloth from the
same fabric that you are going to use for
make it and they have to be
approximately 6 centimeters
wide and long forgiveness and the width that
be approximately the same as the
zipper or a little bit more first thing
what you have to do is place the
right piece of cloth fabric
against the right of the zipper
a little bit below this tab and
we are going to put a pin here
to hold it
and I will go to the machine to pass
a position in this sense of for
Cover the entire width of the zipper
remember that if you are a little afraid
because your machine does not have enough
force and 3 that is going to get stuck around here
you can sew with it with the steering wheel and
then what we are going to do is
exactly the same on the other side the
I'm going to leave already prepared I open a little
the zipper
and maintaining
the two even sides guiding me with
these two tabs
I'm going to put this like that a little bit more
behind the tabs and I put a
pin
so that I do not escape, let's go to the
machine
I'm going to pass the first seam
you do not have to finish at the beginning in the
final and as I told you before if you have
afraid that your machine is not capable of
go through here just give it
at the wheel towards you to pass by
above and not that you do not break a
Once I have this I remove the pin and
I'm going to pass a second seam
putting the right fabric in this
moment I can put to me for example I
It is interesting that the first color you see
be the pink and I leave it if you stretch it and
It would completely look like this, so I can
bend a little more inward to
that you see the first color that to me
I'm interested
I put it back in the machine either
you need to finish
we know again the full width of the
zipper
with the other side I'm going to do exactly
the same
I'm going to change the pin so that
leave room to pass press fabrics the
Dam width fabrics that do not bother me
first seam
I take out the pin and the second posture and
at this time I can go back to
put the rose again in the first place
the light pink
so that the first one looks like I've
done on the other side
once we have it all sewn up
what we are going to do is lift the cloth
that we have put over and cut the
zipper because this piece already we
We have to cut this bit and now
let's work with her as if this
it was part of the zipper itself to the
time to make the bag what
we will put as we always do right
of the zipper with the right of the
we will place it like this and what
we will use as if it were our own
zipper you see that this is how
rather prettier the termination is not
see the metal tabs and also
will give a better termination to the
corner of your vanity case we have finished
for today I hope it has served you all
what I explained to you if you have any
doubt counts in the comments